[patch] Documentation: add concept section to the architecture document (#438)
vdaas/vald: docs/overview/architecture.md

Some components in Vald use Kubernetes API to control the behavior of distributed vector indexes.
Before reading this document, you need to have some understanding of the basic idea of cloud-native architecture and Kubernetes.

### Concept

Here are the concepts of Vald.

- Microservice based

  Vald is designed based on the microservice architecture. Vald components are highly decoupled into small components and connected, which increases the overall agility and maintainability of Vald.

- Containerized

  All components in Vald are containerized, which means you can easily deploy Vald components on any environment.

- Observability & Real-time monitoring

>   Vald support pprof and Prometheus to monitor and trace the log in every Vald components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Vald supports pprof and Prometheus to monitor and trace the log in every Vald components.
```

>   Vald supports pprof and Prometheus to monitor and trace the log in every Vald components.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-orange.svg?style=flat-square)
Not only pprof and Prometheus exporter are the observability features. Please revise it like following:
```suggestion
  Every Vald components supports Cloud-Native based observability features, e.g. Prometheus exporter and Jaeger exporter.
```

Author: thank you for your comment. I think it is better 🤔
```suggestion
  All Vald components support Cloud-Native based observability features such as Prometheus and Jaeger.
```

Reviewer 2: sounds good. :+1:
I prefer "Prometheus and Jaeger **exporter**".

Author: ```suggestion
  All Vald components support Cloud-Native based observability features such as Prometheus and Jaeger exporter.
```

> - Distributed

Author: ```suggestion
- Distributed vector spaces
```

>   All the data and index are distributed to Vald Agents in the Vald cluster so whenever you search a vector, all Vald agents can process parallelly and merge the result by Vald LB Gateway.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-orange.svg?style=flat-square)
agents don't know "all the data". they know just UUIDs and indices.

I think "distributed" is not so important, but "distributed vector spaces" is an important aspect of the architecture.

Author: Yes you are correct. What do you think the following changes?
```suggestion
  All the vector data and indexes are distributed to Vald Agents in the Vald cluster. Whenever you search a vector in Vald cluster, all Vald agents can process parallelly and merge the result by Vald LB Gateway.
```

- Kubernetes based

>   Vald can integrate with kubernetes which enables the following features.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-nits-green.svg?style=flat-square)
```suggestion
  Vald can integrate with Kubernetes which enables the following features.
```

  - Orchestrated

>     Kubernetes supports container orchestration. All components in Vald can be managed by kubernetes automatically.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-nits-green.svg?style=flat-square)
```suggestion
    Kubernetes supports container orchestration. All components in Vald can be managed by Kubernetes automatically.
```

  - Horizontal scalable

>     All Vald components are designed and implemented to be scalable. You can add any node in kubernetes cluster at any time to scale your kuberentes cluster, or changing the number of replicas to scale Vald.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-nits-green.svg?style=flat-square)
```suggestion
    All Vald components are designed and implemented to be scalable. You can add any node in Kubernetes cluster at any time to scale your Kuberentes cluster, or changing the number of replicas to scale Vald.
```

  - Auto-healing

    Kubernetes supports the auto-healing feature. The pod can start a new instance automatically whenever the pod is down.

  - Data persistency

    Vald implements backup features. Whenever a Vald Agent is down and kubernetes start a new Vald Agent instance, the data is automatically restored to the new instance to prevent data loss.

  - Easy to manage

>     We implement helm chart deployment to easily deploy Vald on your kubernetes cluster and we implemented custom resources to manage and operate with Vald.

Reviewer 2: ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/review-imo-orange.svg?style=flat-square)
```suggestion
    Vald can be deployed easily on your Kubernetes cluster by using Helm charts. The custom resources and custom controllers are useful to manage your Vald cluster.
```
